A Semantic MediaWiki extension which add's some extra special properties to all content pages in a wiki.

You will have to specify (LocalSettings.php) which properties you want to include, using the array $sespSpecialProperties. 

Please note that users that are otherwise hidden to some usergroup might be revealed by this extension, as the EUSER property will list all authors for everyone.

==Release ==
[https://github.com/rotsee/Semantic-Extra-Special-Properties/tags 0.2.2]

==Installation==
Add the following settings to your LocalSettings.php:
require_once("$IP/extensions/SemanticExtraSpecialProperties/SemanticExtraSpecialProperties.php");

==Customing==
$sespSpecialProperties in LocalSettings.php enables the following Special Properties:

{|
! Option
! Descrition
! Example
|-
|_EUSER
|Add properties for editiong users
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_EUSER';
|-
|_CUSER
|Add property for creating user
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_CUSER'; 
|-
|_REVID
|Add property with current revision ID
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_REVID'; 
|-
|_VIEWS
|Add property with number of page views. Note that depending on local settings this value might not be very up to date. If $wgDisableCounters is set to true this property will never be set
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_VIEWS'; 
|-
|_NREV
|Add property showing an estimated number of total revisions
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_NREV';  
|-
|_TNREV
|Same but for the talk page, i.e. showing how much discussion is going on around this page
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_TNREV'; 
|-
|_SUBP
|Add properties for subpages
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_SUBP'; 
|-
|_MIMETYPE
|Adding mimetype and mediatype in case the article object is NS_IMAGE/NS_FILE
|$sespSpecialProperties[] = '_MIMETYPE'; 
|}

Special Properties compound customizing can be maintained as:
<pre>
$sespSpecialProperties = array( '_EUSER', '_CUSER', '_REVID', '_VIEWS', '_NREV', '_TNREV', '_SUBP' );
</pre>

After upgrading from 0.1 to 0.2 or higher, you will need to run the SMW refresh script for things for work.

To ignore all users with a bot flag when creating the article author properties.
(This does not affect the article creator property.)
<pre>
$wgSESPExcludeBots = true;
</pre>
==Changelog==
* 0.2.2
** add _MIMETYPE (mime type, mediatype)

*0.2.1
**German translation by Kghbln
**Better method to fetch list of EUSER (getContributors and getUser, instead of getLastNAuthors. Anonymous users will never be listed)

*0.2.0
**Only tested with SMW 1.7 and MW 1.18.
**Changed name for EUSER and and CUSER props in both English and Swedish, article -> page for clarity.
**Using $smwgPageSpecialProperties2 to chose which properties to set, the same way as $smwgPageSpecialProperties is used for built in special properties
**Ignoring _VIEWS if statistics are disables in LocalSettings
**Added SUBP, NREV and TNREV

*0.1 First version

==Unit Test ==
The extensions has been tested against: 
MediaWiki 1.18.0 PHP 5.3.8 (apache2handler) MySQL 5.5.16 Semantic MediaWiki (Version 1.7)

==Credits ==
The extension was originally written for http://säsongsmat.nu.

Leo Wallentin
leo_wallentin (at) hotmail.com

@leo_wallentin
http://xn--ssongsmat-v2a.nu

== License ==
BSD 

== Disclaimer ==
The source code is provided as-is, without warranty and does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility for any damage or loss.
__NOTOC__